Assurance Claim 1: Magento minimizes SQL injections

Evidence:
E1.1 – Magento security center: Our sub-claim C1.1 assures that third parties extensions developers are provided with best practices documentations for developing their product. However, even with best practices documentation these extensions can still have SQL injection vulnerabilities. We address this problem with sub-claim C1. 5, where Magento provides a webpage called Security Center (https://magento.com/security), which gather security information for Magento, which includes new patches releases, security updates, security alerts, best practices, and others. In this page, Magento also announces common third-party extensions known vulnerabilities, and advise it users to fix these problems as fast as possible to improve user’s security, consequently minimizing SQL injections on the system. 
E1.2 – Magento security scanner: Our sub-claim C1.2 assures that even if the user does not follow Magento’s best practices it can still be protected by performing security checks. However, sometimes user does not have the time or does not remember to do them. We address this problem with sub-claim C1.6, where Magento provides a security Scan tool. Magento security Scan (https://docs.magento.com/user-guide/magento/security-scan.html), is a tool that allows the user to monitor the sites for known security risks and enable the user to schedule security scan. The tool, in the end of the scan, provides reports with the results and the possible recommended corrective actions for solving.
E1.3 – Magento Commerce Cloud: Our sub-claim C1.3 assures that even if the user does not follow Magento’s best practices it can still improve its protection by using a firewall. However, the user might not know which firewall to use. We address this problem with sub-claim C1.7, where Magento provides a web application firewall (WAF) (https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/cdn/fastly-waf-service.html) powered by Fastly, which detects, logs, and blocks malicious request traffic before it can damage the site or network. Magento WAF includes specific filters for SQL injection attacks and its variant (https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360016353452--Web-Application-Firewall-WAF-powered-by-Fastly-the-FAQ). Unfortunately, this service does not support protection against malware or bot mitigation, rate limiting and configuring a logging endpoint for customer.
C1.8 and C1.9 – Our sub-claim C1.4 assures that that even if the user does not follow Magento’s best practices the user can still improve its protection by reviewing their code and repairing the possible threads. However, we cannot assume that the user knows how to do it or that they can do it effectively. We address this problem with sub-claim C1.8 and C1.9, where Magento could provide web vulnerability scanners and SQL injection attack tools to help the user to find the threads on their system and consequently fixing the possible threads for SQL injections on their system.
